Louie's log files are Matlab code with the following format:


The first line may be a function declaration:

function D = (function name)

...Otherwise, it's just inline code setting the value of "D".


The log file initializes a structure array "D", adding records with some or
all of the following fields. These are all character arrays unless otherwise
indicated (even if holding numeric data):

"day" is a human-readable day name.
"week" is the week number (of the experiment, not the year).
"date" is a datestamp formatted as 'YYYY-MM-DD'.
"rec_day" is the recording day number in the experiment.
"rec_session" is the recording session number in that day.
"start_time" has the form 'HH:MM'.
"session_length" has the form 'H:MM'.
"weight" has the form 'nn.n'.
"chairing_comments" describes anything noteworthy about chairing.
"chamber_quality" describes health of the chamber site.
"CHANNELS_neuro" is a cell array of channel labels. These are typically
  the names I'd used for EIB channels.
"CHANNELS_area" is a cell array of labels indicating the brain region that
  each channel was recording from.
"CHANNELS_loc" is a cell array of vectors of the form [ X Y Z ], giving the
  estimated coordinates each channel was recording from (mm, mm, microns).
"impedance_test" is a cell array of scalars, giving the impedance of each
  channel in kOhms.
"CHANNELS_stim" is a cell array of labels. This is typically a subset of
  CHANNELS_neuro, and indicates which channels stimulation was performed on.
"stim_amp" is a cell array containing one scalar indicating stimulation
  current in uA.
"task_version" is the version label of the game task.
"blockDef" is a filename (without path) of the block definition file used.
"performance" describes anything noteworthy about behavior during the task.
"condition" describes the task conditions under which stimulation was
  delivered.
"blocks" is the number of blocks completed.
"trials" is the number of trials completed.
"correct" is the number of trials completed correctly.
"ml_reward" is the amount of fluid reward delivered, in mL.
"dataset" is the name of the folder containing ephys and game data.
"other_comments" describes anything else noteworthy about the session.


NOTE - The fields that are expected will vary depending on the experiment
and on the analysis scripts used.


The library functions that read and process log file data expect the
following:

- Each record is preceded by "iD = numel(D) + 1;".
  This is used for segmenting records during parsing.

- Either "dataset" or "date" exists (preferably "dataset").
  euUtil_getLouieFoldersAndLogs() uses this to associate folders with logs.



(This is the end of the file.)
