The "euChris_parseExperimentConfig()" function returns metadata structures
describing the configuration of experiments that used Chris's signal chains.
The contents of these metadata structures is described below.



Fields common to all types of metadata structure:

"summary" is a cell array of character vectors containing a short
  human-readable summary of the experiment configuration.
"details" is a cell array of character vectors containing a human-readable
  detailed description of the experiment config.

"diagmsgs" is a cell array containing diagnostic messages _and_ error and
  warning messages generated during processing.
"errmsgs" is a cell array containing _only_ error and warning messages
  generated during processing.

"rawmetalist" is a copy of the "rawmetalist" cell array passed to
  "euChris_parseExperimentConfig()". This contains metadata structures
  returned by euHLev_getAllMetadata_XXX, per RAWFOLDERMETA.txt.

"exptype" is a label defining the type of signal chain used; e.g. 'loop2023'.
"hintdata" is a structure containing hints for processing metadata. If there
  are no hints, this will be a structure with no fields.

"cookedmeta" is a structure containing type-specific derived metadata.
  Fields are described below.

"expconfig" is a structure describing the experiment configuration, per
  CHRISEXPCONFIGS.txt.



Fields specific to 'loop2302' type metadata:

Fields in "cookedmeta" (NaN or empty vectors/arrays if undefined):

  "samprate" is the acquisition sampling rate.

  "rawchans" is a list of input channel labels before channel mapping.
    This is extracted from the Intan recorder, not FT, if possible.
  "cookedchans" is a list of input channel labels after channel mapping.

  "chanmapoldnums" is a vector indexed by new channel number containing the
    corresponding old channel numbers. This is taken from the Open Ephys
    channel mapping node, and is [] if that node wasn't found.
  "chanmapftraw" is a cell array containing FT channel names before mapping.
    This may be {} if the FT channel map couldn't be extracted.
  "chanmapftcooked" is a cell array containing FT channel names after mapping.
    This may be {} if the FT channel map couldn't be extracted.

  "torteband" [ low high ] has the Phase Calculator's band corners.
  "tortemode" is the output mode. We want a value of 'both'.
  "torteinchans" is a vector of channel numbers used as the Phase
    Calculator's input. We usually want exactly one channel here.
  "torteextrachan" is the channel number that the Phase Calculator adds
    for magnitude output, in mag+phase mode (this is 1-based).

  "crossmagchan" is the channel number of the magnitude detector's input.
  "crossmagthresh" is the multiplier used to get the magnitude threshold
    from the RMS average magnitude.
  "crossmagtau" is the decay time in seconds for computing this RMS average.
  "crossmagbank" is the bank index (0-based) of the detector's TTL output.
  "crossmagbit" is the bit number (0-based) of the detector's TTL output.

  "crossphasechan" is the channel number of the phase detector's input.
  "crossphaseval" is the detector's target value (phase threshold in degrees).
  "crossphasebank" is the bank index (0-based) of the detector's TTL output.
  "crossphasebit" is the bit number (0-based) of the detector's TTL output.

  "crossrandchan" is the channel number of the random phase comparator's
    input.
  "crossrandbank" is the bank index (0-based) of the detector's TTL output.
  "crossrandbit" is the bit number (0-based) of the detector's TTL output.

  "randwasjitter" is true if the conditional trigger faked random phase
    targets by adding jitter to a fixed phase target.

  "trigbank" is the bank index (0-based) of the conditional trigger's TTL
    outputs.
  "trigphasebit" is the bit index (0-based) of the phase-aligned trigger
    output, or NaN if this wasn't generated.
  "trigrandbit" is the bit index (0-based) of the random-phase trigger
    output, or NaN if this wasn't generated.
  "trigmagbit" is the bit index (0-based) of the power excursion trigger
    output, or NaN if this wasn't generated.
  "trignowbit" is the bit index (0-based) of the "trigger immediately when
    RwdB goes high" trigger output, or NaN if this wasn't generated.

  "ardinbit" is the bit index (0-based) of the Arduino's triggering input.

  "filewritenodes" is a vector containing node ID numbers of file writers.
  "filewritechanmasks" is a cell array containing logical vectors indicating
    which channels were saved for each file writing node.

FIXME - Channel labels will be iffy. They won't match the FT labels' naming
conventions and may be in a different order (due to aux channels etc).



(This is the end of the file.)
