The "euChris_getCookedMetadata_XXX()" functions transform a raw metadata
structure for one folder (per RAWFOLDERMETA.txt) into an interpreted
("cooked") metadata structure, with the fields described below.


Fields specific to 'loop2302' type metadata:

(These are NaN or empty vectors/arrays if undefined.)

  "samprate" is the acquisition sampling rate.

  "rawchans" is a list of input channel labels before channel mapping.
    This is extracted from the Intan recorder, not FT, if possible.
  "cookedchans" is a list of input channel labels after channel mapping.

  "chanmapoldnums" is a vector indexed by new channel number containing the
    corresponding old channel numbers. This is taken from the Open Ephys
    channel mapping node, and is [] if that node wasn't found.
  "chanmapftraw" is a cell array containing FT channel names before mapping.
    This may be {} if the FT channel map couldn't be extracted.
  "chanmapftcooked" is a cell array containing FT channel names after mapping.
    This may be {} if the FT channel map couldn't be extracted.

  "torteband" [ low high ] has the Phase Calculator's band corners.
  "tortemode" is the output mode. We want a value of 'both'.
  "torteinchans" is a vector of channel numbers used as the Phase
    Calculator's input. We usually want exactly one channel here.
  "torteextrachan" is the channel number that the Phase Calculator adds
    for magnitude output, in mag+phase mode (this is 1-based).

  "crossmagchan" is the channel number of the magnitude detector's input.
  "crossmagthresh" is the multiplier used to get the magnitude threshold
    from the RMS average magnitude.
  "crossmagtau" is the decay time in seconds for computing this RMS average.
  "crossmagbank" is the bank index (0-based) of the detector's TTL output.
  "crossmagbit" is the bit number (0-based) of the detector's TTL output.

  "crossphasechan" is the channel number of the phase detector's input.
  "crossphaseval" is the detector's target value (phase threshold in degrees).
  "crossphasebank" is the bank index (0-based) of the detector's TTL output.
  "crossphasebit" is the bit number (0-based) of the detector's TTL output.

  "crossrandchan" is the channel number of the random phase comparator's
    input.
  "crossrandbank" is the bank index (0-based) of the detector's TTL output.
  "crossrandbit" is the bit number (0-based) of the detector's TTL output.

  "randwasjitter" is true if the conditional trigger faked random phase
    targets by adding jitter to a fixed phase target.

  "trigbank" is the bank index (0-based) of the conditional trigger's TTL
    outputs.
  "trigphasebit" is the bit index (0-based) of the phase-aligned trigger
    output, or NaN if this wasn't generated.
  "trigrandbit" is the bit index (0-based) of the random-phase trigger
    output, or NaN if this wasn't generated.
  "trigmagbit" is the bit index (0-based) of the power excursion trigger
    output, or NaN if this wasn't generated.
  "trignowbit" is the bit index (0-based) of the "trigger immediately when
    RwdB goes high" trigger output, or NaN if this wasn't generated.

  "ardinbit" is the bit index (0-based) of the Arduino's triggering input.

  "filewritenodes" is a vector containing node ID numbers of file writers.
  "filewritechanmasks" is a cell array containing logical vectors indicating
    which channels were saved for each file writing node.
  "filewritehasevents" is a logical vector indicating whether each node
    saved TTL events or not.

FIXME - Channel labels will be iffy. They use OE's naming conventions rather
than FT's, and may be in a different order (due to aux channels etc).



(This is the end of the file.)
