Artifact removal is specified using a method label and a configuration
structure.



Method labels are character vectors with the following values:

'' or 'none' specifies no artifact suppression.

'sigma' specifies standard deviation based artifact rejection, per
  nlProc_removeArtifactsSigma.

'expknown' specifies exponential curve fits across known time ranges,
  per nlArt_removeMultipleExpDecays.

'expguess' specifies multiple exponential curve fits guessing at locations,
  per nlArt_removeExpDecaysByGuessing.



Standard deviation based artifact rejection configuration is a structure with
the following fields:

"threshold_adjust" is a scalar added to the default threshold levels. A
  positive value raises the absolute and derivative thresholds by the
  specified number of standard deviations, and a negative value lowers them.



Exponential fits with known locations are configured using a structure with
the following fields:

"fit_fenceposts_ms" is a vector containing times to be used as span endpoints
  for exponential curve fitting. The span between the last two times is curve
  fit and its contribution subtracted, then the next-last span, and so forth.
  If this is [], no curve fits are performed.

"fit_method" is a character vector or cell array specifying the algorithms
  to use for curve fitting all segments (if a cahracter vector) or for
  each segment individually (if a cell array of character vectors). If this
  is '' or absent, a default algorithm is used.



Exponential fits with guessed locations are configured using a structure
with the following fields:

(The fields described in EXPGUESSCONIG.txt from lib-nloop-artifact.)

The following additional fields:

"plot_config" is a debug plot/report configuration structure per
  EXPGUESSPLOT.txt, with the following additional fields:

  "want_debug_plots" is true to emit debugging plots of curve fits, and false
    to suppress plots.

  "want_reports" is true to save summarized reports of curve fits, and false
    to suppress plots.

  "tattle_verbosity" is 'quiet', 'terse', 'normal', or 'verbose'. This
    controls how many debugging/progress messages are sent to the console.

  "report_verbosity" is 'quiet', 'terse', 'normal', or 'verbose'. This
    controls how many debugging/progress messages are written to log files.



(This is the end of the file.)
